Driver: X11
Author: Salvador E. Tropea

This file documents details specific to the X11 driver.
Currently this file isn't organized and just contains things I think somebody
could need to know.

* The X11 driver was tested using Debian GNU/Linux Potato and Woody and
Solaris 2.7 (Sun Ultra 60 machine).

* The driver was tested in True Color modes, I didn't have the time to check
it in palette modes (256 colors usually) and I'm almost sure nothing works
for monochrome mode. If you need it working for 8 bpp depths please contact
me and we will try to see a way to solve any issue. I don't have any
motivation to expend my time working on 8 bpp modes if nobody needs it.

* The approach used is slow in favor of portability and features. A lot of
enhancements can be done. If you know about X11 programming and have some
time please consider helping with it.

* The driver uses 8x16 fixed fonts, no X fonts. In the future I plan to code a
driver supporting X11 fonts. Why? simple: because in this way I can change
the screen encoding on the fly and I know all the needed symbols will be
available. The library supports over than 40 encodings which needs over than
580 symbols in the fonts. They cover the latin variants, cyrillics and greek
alphabets. I don't think such a thing is common for X fonts, in fact True
Types usually have only ASCII characters.

* I use monochromatic XImage objects for the fonts and I let X to expand the
colors. XFree86 seems to quite ineficient doing it, while Solaris' X is much
faster. I think we can get much more speed by expanding the colors to an
internal bitmap and then doing the blit in one operation. But this needs
special care about different color depths and colors organizations. I guess
the color values returned by X can make it easy, but never tried.

* Currently the X11 clipboard mechanisms aren't implemented. Don't know if
I'll implement them at library level.

* I don't have a default icon, if you can create one please send it to me.

* Debian GNU/Linux Potato specific (maybe others too):
The Shift+Tab combination doesn't work. The problem seems to be related to
the following key binding found in /usr/X11R6/lib/X11/xkb/symbols/us

    key  <TAB> {  [  Tab,  ISO_Left_Tab   ]  };

For some reason, didn't investigate it, the ISO_Left_Tab doesn't emit a
keycode and hence Shift+Tab never reachs the code. May be I'm wrong but my
way to fix that is by defining it like this:

    key  <TAB> {  [  Tab  ]  };

If you know about a better solution just let me know.

* To quickly disable this driver when starting an application from a terminal
emulator just define DISPLAY variable to nothing. Bash example:

export DISPLAY=

You can achive the same using a .tvrc file and giving a low priority to the
X11 driver. Example:

[TV]
{
 [X11]
 {
  Priority=1
 }
}

The bigger the number the more important the driver. The default value is
100, bigger than Linux, XTerm and UNIX drivers.

